Pelvis,Hips
L_Hip,LeftUpperLeg
R_Hip,RightUpperLeg
L_Knee,LeftLowerLeg
R_Knee,RightLowerLeg
L_Ankle,LeftFoot
R_Ankle,RightFoot
Spine1,Spine
Spine2,Chest
Neck,Neck
Head,Head
L_Collar,LeftShoulder
R_Collar,RightShoulder
L_Shoulder,LeftUpperArm
R_Shoulder,RightUpperArm
L_Elbow,LeftLowerArm
R_Elbow,RightLowerArm
L_Wrist,LeftHand
R_Wrist,RightHand
L_Foot,LeftToes
R_Foot,RightToes
lthumb0,Left Thumb Proximal
lthumb1,Left Thumb Intermediate
lthumb2,Left Thumb Distal
lindex0,Left Index Proximal
lindex1,Left Index Intermediate
lindex2,Left Index Distal
lmiddle0,Left Middle Proximal
lmiddle1,Left Middle Intermediate
lmiddle2,Left Middle Distal
lring0,Left Ring Proximal
lring1,Left Ring Intermediate
lring2,Left Ring Distal
lpinky0,Left Little Proximal
lpinky1,Left Little Intermediate
lpinky2,Left Little Distal
rthumb0,Right Thumb Proximal
rthumb1,Right Thumb Intermediate
rthumb2,Right Thumb Distal
rindex0,Right Index Proximal
rindex1,Right Index Intermediate
rindex2,Right Index Distal
rmiddle0,Right Middle Proximal
rmiddle1,Right Middle Intermediate
rmiddle2,Right Middle Distal
rring0,Right Ring Proximal
rring1,Right Ring Intermediate
rring2,Right Ring Distal
rpinky0,Right Little Proximal
rpinky1,Right Little Intermediate
rpinky2,Right Little Distal
Spine3,UpperChest